README.md, before:

# Hardware accelerated Docker images based on Ubuntu 20.04 for Jetson family

  

Nvidia Jetson images are based on Ubuntu 18.04. However, many applications and projects utilizes libraries specific to Ubuntu 20.04. Therefore, this repository provides docker images based on [`ubuntu:focal`](Dockerfile.ros2), that are able to take full advantage of the Jetson hardware (Nano, Xavier NX, Xavier AGX and Xavier TX2). All images come with full CUDA support (passthrough from the host) including TensorRT (including python bindings) and VisionWorks.

  

Furthermore the [script](scripts) folder includes system installable run-scripts to quickly iterate the build process and set the relevant docker flags at runtime.

  

The following images can be directly pulled from DockerHub without needing to build the containers yourself:

  


|                        | L4T Version | Dockerhub image                                    |
|------------------------|:-----------:|----------------------------------------------------|
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-base`](Dockerfile.base) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-base:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-opencv`](Dockerfile.opencv) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-opencv:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-pytorch`](Dockerfile.pytorch) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-pytorch:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-base`](Dockerfile.ros2-base) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-base:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-desktop`](Dockerfile.ros2-desktop) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-desktop:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-zedsdk`](Dockerfile.zedsdk) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-zedsdk:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-crosscompile`](Dockerfile.crosscompile) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-crosscompile:latest` |

  
>  **note:** make sure to run the container on the intended L4T host system. Running on older JetPack releases (e.g. r32.6.1) can cause driver issues, since L4T drivers are passed into the container.


>  **note:** pytorch image also inckudes the python3.8 tensorrt bindings

  

To download and run one of these images, you can use the included run script from the repo:

  

``` bash

$ scripts/docker_run timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-base:latest

```

  

For other configurations, below are the instructions to build and test the containers using the included Dockerfiles.

  

## Docker Default Runtime

  

To enable access to the CUDA compiler (nvcc) during `docker build` operations, add `"default-runtime": "nvidia"` to your `/etc/docker/daemon.json` configuration file before attempting to build the containers:

  

``` json

{

"runtimes": {

  "nvidia": {

    "path": "nvidia-container-runtime",

    "runtimeArgs": []

  }

 },

"default-runtime": "nvidia"

}

```

  

You will then want to restart the Docker service or reboot your system before proceeding.

  

## Build and test the images

  

To rebuild the containers from a Jetson device, first clone this repo via [`Git LFS`](https://git-lfs.github.com/):

  

``` bash

$ git clone https://github.com/timongentzsch/Jetson_Ubuntu20_Images.git

$ cd Jetson_Ubuntu20_Images

```

  

## Work with the provided scripts

  

You may want to install the provided scripts to build, run and restart containers with the right set of docker flags:

  

``` bash

$ sudo scripts/setup_launchscripts.sh

```

  

This will enable you to quickly iterate your build process and application.

  

After that you can use following commands globally:

  

`dbuild`, `drun`, `dstart`

  

It ensures that the docker environment feels as native as possible by enabling the following features by default:

- USB hot plug

- sound

- network

- bluetooth

- GPU/cuda

- X11

  

>  **note:** refer to `--help` for the syntax

Commit message:

update permission and ownership of dummy file

README.md, after:

# Hardware accelerated Docker images based on Ubuntu 20.04 for Jetson family

  

Nvidia Jetson images are based on Ubuntu 18.04. However, many applications and projects utilizes libraries specific to Ubuntu 20.04. Therefore, this repository provides docker images based on [`ubuntu:focal`](Dockerfile.ros2), that are able to take full advantage of the Jetson hardware (Nano, Xavier NX, Xavier AGX and Xavier TX2). All images come with full CUDA support (passthrough from the host) including TensorRT (including python bindings) and VisionWorks.

  

Furthermore the [script](scripts) folder includes system installable run-scripts to quickly iterate the build process and set the relevant docker flags at runtime.

  

The following images can be directly pulled from DockerHub without needing to build the containers yourself:

  


|                        | L4T Version | Dockerhub image                                    |
|------------------------|:-----------:|----------------------------------------------------|
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-base`](Dockerfile.base) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-base:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-opencv`](Dockerfile.opencv) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-opencv:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-pytorch`](Dockerfile.pytorch) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-pytorch:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-base`](Dockerfile.ros2-base) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-base:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-desktop`](Dockerfile.ros2-desktop) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-ros2-desktop:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-zedsdk`](Dockerfile.zedsdk) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-zedsdk:latest` |
| [`l4t-ubuntu20-crosscompile`](Dockerfile.crosscompile) | R32.7.1 | `timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-crosscompile:latest` |

  
>  **note:** make sure to run the container on the intended L4T host system. Running on older JetPack releases (e.g. r32.6.1) can cause driver issues, since L4T drivers are passed into the container.


>  **note:** pytorch image also inckudes the python3.8 tensorrt bindings

  

To download and run one of these images, you can use the included run script from the repo:

  

``` bash

$ scripts/docker_run timongentzsch/l4t-ubuntu20-base:latest

```

  

For other configurations, below are the instructions to build and test the containers using the included Dockerfiles.

  

## Docker Default Runtime

  

To enable access to the CUDA compiler (nvcc) during `docker build` operations, add `"default-runtime": "nvidia"` to your `/etc/docker/daemon.json` configuration file before attempting to build the containers:

  

``` json

{

"runtimes": {

  "nvidia": {

    "path": "nvidia-container-runtime",

    "runtimeArgs": []

  }

 },

"default-runtime": "nvidia"

}

```

  

You will then want to restart the Docker service or reboot your system before proceeding.

  

## Build and test the images

  

To rebuild the containers from a Jetson device, first clone this repo via [`Git LFS`](https://git-lfs.github.com/):

  

``` bash

$ git clone https://github.com/timongentzsch/Jetson_Ubuntu20_Images.git

$ cd Jetson_Ubuntu20_Images

```

  

## Work with the provided scripts

  

You may want to install the provided scripts to build, run and restart containers with the right set of docker flags:

  

``` bash

$ sudo scripts/setup_launchscripts.sh

```

  

This will enable you to quickly iterate your build process and application. Sudo is needed to create the `dummy_root_SSH_config` and enable SSH access for root users

  

After that you can use following commands globally:

  

`dbuild`, `drun`, `dstart`

  

It ensures that the docker environment feels as native as possible by enabling the following features by default:

- USB hot plug

- sound

- network

- bluetooth

- GPU/cuda

- X11

  

>  **note:** refer to `--help` for the syntax
